Previously on "Mr. Pickles"...
It's Steve in the picture!
- Who?
- You know, Steve,
the guardian of Mr. Pickles' lair.
Ugh! Aah!
My wife, Agnes,
passed away years ago.
- Where is she?
- Aah!
An underground city?
- Mr. Pickles!
- Ah!
Where's Agnes?!
Hello, Henry.
Aah!
Aah! No, Agnes, get off of me!
I told you, my name is Steve,
and where do you think you're going,
Henry?!
To tell everybody the truth!
Everybody,
you're not gonna believe this, but...
Dad, wait!
You're not gonna believe this.
- Wha...
- Mom is alive!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good boy!
S03E01
Brain Download
Mom, tell the doctor what you told us.
All I remember is that dumb
kid finding me outside.
I'm Tommy!
She remembers. Mr. Pickles killed her,
then revived her just to mess with me.
She's Steve, Mr. Pickles' pet
who lives under the dog hou... Oh! Aah!
Oopsie. Maybe I was a clumsy person,
but I don't remember.
Well, it seems
your mother is not dead.
Oh, and she has amnesia.
Amnesia?
Well, I think I'll go clean the gutters.
Stanley!
You haven't said a word to mom.
Oh, uh, Agnes, hi.
Hey,
maybe this place can help her remember!
It can recover and
record memories for free!
- Huh?
- Great, then we can all see
where Agnes has really been!
Wow! Oh.
Well, I'm gonna go buy some new socks.
Hi, folks!
I'm Ace, the manager here at M,
The Memory Download Store!
What if you could remember where
you put that wig of yours?!
Or want to prove to mom
you did brush your teeth?
Maybe you just want to watch
some old memories to remember
why you ever got married, all for free?
Who's down to download today, hmm?
- My grandma!
- Uh...
But she has amnesty!
Amnesia? Forget about it.
M's process even
downloads lost memories.
- It's going down... load.
- Wait.
Stop, boy! He's going down on grandma!
And boo-yah! Her memories are recovered!
Yay!
Now we can watch her memories!
But some memories should be private,
even if I don't remember anything.
That's right!
Everybody is hiding shameful memories,
so I'm gonna upload all
her shameful memories
online for the world to see.
Unless you pay me $50,000
by the end of the day!
- What?
- You're blackmailing us?
Yeah, you and everybody else.
Oh, no! The whole town is in trouble!
Don't worry, grandma,
I know who can help.
Come on, Mr. Pickles!
Oh, Tommy.
I thought you were the
delivery guy bringing me fish.
- Fish?
- No, thanks, Blade.
I know you're good at computers,
and I need your help!
M has set up operations nationwide.
These guys are the best hackers alive,
but I could hack into Ace's computer
and delete his memory files remotely.
- Fish?
- No, thanks.
You hear that?
He can delete the memories.
Oh, no. He's coded each file,
so that, to delete them,
I would have to download them
back into their original brains.
Sorry, I cannot help y-y-y-y-y-you.
Lewis! I told you to stop
buying all these fish online!
They're clogging up the toilet!
Grandma, I told you to call me Blade.
When are you gonna give
up this hacker thing
and grow up, Lewis?
What a cunt-tinuously annoying woman.
Fish?
No, thanks. Come on, boy.
Oh, wait.
What are we doing?
I will download the
files into your brain,
thus deleting the memories
from Ace's computer.
The files are deleting.
When you're good, you are good.
Sir, what are you doing?
I don't want to know that!
Ow, my head's hurting!
My head, stop!
Stopping mid-transfer
could cause brain failure.
It must be stopped from
the original source.
Fish?
Hey, we got your money!
Hey, what the hell's
happening to my computer?
Why are my files deleting?
Hey, what do you want, you stupid dog?
Hey, what are you... No!
Hey, you broke my computer!
Error, error,
now transferring entire M database.
Ace, what's happening to your computer?
All of M's memory files are deleting
and being transferred
into some kid's brain!
You're the only hacker alive
who knows how to get the memories
out of that kid! Ace?!
Oh, no. It's rapidly downloading
the entire country's memories.
I know too much!
Are you okay?
Uhh, I think so.
And then, when I was 16,
I wanted to be a ventriloquist,
but you said,
"If you're looking for a dummy,
just look in the mirror."
- Oh!
- We didn't always get along.
Now we have a second chance.
Oh! I wish I could remember.
- She remembers!
- Well, I'm gonna...
Hey, look, a spoon store.
Stanley, what is up with you?!
♪ La la la, spoons ♪
They'll never believe you, Henry!
Mr. Pickles showed me
the way of the pavanastra
sluganotharats.
I am forever Steve,
and now that I'm home,
I'm gonna help Mr. Pickles
make your life hell!
Ugh, who cares?
You want to make me look crazy?
I'm used to it.
Oh! Hey, what are you doing?
Help! He's forcing himself on me!
- What?
- Dad! This has gone too far!
Oh.
Oh, no, I'm stuck!
Now I'll never stop the
town from being blackmailed.
- Aww.
- Lewis, I told you not
to put fish in my waterbed anymore!
That's it, you're moving out!
Aww. Wait.
Let's move out!
Oh! Whoa!
Aah! Lewis, get back here
with my house!
- Blade! Watch out!
- Huh? Oh!
Speeders!
Oh, no, the po-po.
Hold on.
Aah!
You in the house!
Slow down, or I will shoot!
I can't see with this
stupid sign in the way!
Oh, no, a dead end!
- Slow down!
- Rock and roll.
- Hey, I got your money!
- $50,000!
Where the hell is he?
- Oh!
- Whoa!
- Tommy?
Hi, everybody!
I've downloaded all of
the memories into my brain
so nobody has to be blackmailed.
Yeah, Tommy! Our memories are safe!
That's right!
Some things should be private,
'cause if they weren't,
everybody would know
Mr. BoJenkins wears women's
clothes and spanks himself.
The sheriff was a kid who
dressed his poops up like dolls.
- Aww.
- And my grandma laid naked
with my dad.
Also, where my grandma has
really been all these years
is with...
Oh. What was I saying?
Well, maybe I'll go get a haircut.
You laid naked with my mother?!
Uh, it was dark.
Your mother crawled into bed.
But I knew it wasn't
you when I smelled...
- Fish?
- Uh, no thanks.
Is this true?
Oh, of course it's true!
But when I tried to screw Stanley,
he acted like his
family was so important!
Ha! His stupid dreamer of a wife
and his idiot son!
Yay, grandma remembers me!
- Agnes, how could you...
- Henry!
I told you to call me St...
Oh! I've gotten carried away.
Don't be mad.
How could I not be mad?
No, don't kill me.
I'll do anything you want! Anythi...
Oh, Agnes!
- Mom!
- Delivery for Blade?
Boy, this place was hard to find. Oh!
Now she's dead.
Ugh!
What's happening? I can't see.
But destroying this is pointless.
I've backed up all the memories
on the M satellite in outer space.
Mr. Pickles, I've got a bone to pick...
Agnes?
Henry, I'm sorry I hurt you,
but I'll always remember the time
we made wild love
in the back of your '57 Chevy.
I never had a '57 Chevy.
Oops, I wonder who that was.
Well, bye, Henry.
Huh? What the hell?
Oh, Agnes!
More Steves?
What happened today? Where's grandma?
She's going to a better place, Tommy.
Look, a shooting star!
- Where?
- Maybe that's your grandma.
Man, this is the weirdest memory yet.
No, don't kill me.
I'll do anything, anything.
Hey, what the hell is that?
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
- Hi, Will.
- Hi, Dave.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org